updates to Agility CMS info (#22000)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/sourcing-from-agilitycms.md

This guide takes you through the steps involved in setting up a Gatsby site that fetches content from [Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com/).

Check our [docs](https://help.agilitycms.com/hc/en-us/articles/360039879872) for up-to-date documentation.

## What is Agility CMS? What makes it different?

[Agility CMS](https://agilitycms.com/) is a headless Content Management System (CMS) that lets you define your custom content types, relationships and pages. This is called Content Architecture, and you can reuse this content for your websites and apps.

Agility believes that a successful website balances the **User Experience (UX)**, **Editor Experience (EX)**, and **Developer Experience (DX)**. 

> While Gatsby tends to handle **UX** and **DX** quite well, too often editors are an after-thought in Gatsby (and other JAMstack) websites. They feel constrained by not being able to manage their sitemap and what content is on which pages.

Reviewer: I might suggest some rephrasing here. This is a potential option.
```suggestion
While Gatsby tends to handle **UX** and **DX** quite well, editors are not always comfortable working directly in a codebase. They prefer to manage their sitemap and see what content is on which pages. Using Gatsby with a headless CMS allows for this.
```
